Re: musicinimages - Fascinating project. Original and useful, as the cursor replicates the seccades (I mean the small hops the eye does from word to word while reading, not the prayer mats). Of course this follows the pattern of the Western world (left to right), not the Arab world (right to left) or Chinese/Japanese (top to bottom). I'm also sure we all have psychological associations with each shade of color, which blend together into music. You probably know Goethe and Kandinsky's writing on color and art, but are you familiar with the Lüscher Color Test and his work on the effects of each color? Could be useful to factor that in; perhaps the music could tell one something about their selection or personality/mood. More important is the idea that images direct one's attention, which is a big part of all art; in other words it would be useful to be able to rotate the image or the tracking of the cursor, in the direction one feels the image draws one's attention. I could send you a few examples from Russian poster art (the classic diagonal wedges and slashes which the eye follows). Perhaps there would be monotony in following this arc, but the point in the art is how intensity builds, like a stream flowing faster as it narrows, and that would need to be reflected in the music. Also it would be nice if one could select different beats, so that the image could be seen as a whole, either faster of slower, as people see things. Complicated technology, but it could be done. Bravo! 

